location page articles (#3170)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/cti/features/location_pages.md

## Use cases

Use the Location page to:

- prepare a briefing about activity associated with a country or region;
- review campaigns that target or originate from a geographic area;
- identify the most active intrusion sets, malware, tools, and sectors linked to that activity;
- find reports associated with a Location;
- inspect relationships and pivot to related objects;
- export related objects for further analysis.

For general object search, see [Intelligence](/cti/features/consume/intelligence.md). For the object and relationship model, see the [Data model](/cti/features/data_model.md).

## Page structure

A Location page contains the following tabs:

| Tab | Purpose |
|---|---|
| **Overview** | Review the Location profile, latest campaigns, latest reports, and threat-landscape widgets. |
| **Threat Context** | Review related objects, relationships, metadata, and sources. |
| **Graph exploration** | Explore the Location and its relationships in a visual graph. |
| **Reports** | Browse the complete list of reports associated with the Location. |

Counts, campaigns, reports, sectors, and dates vary according to the selected Location and timeframe.

> 

Reviewer: I think there is a mistake in the creation of a new page for location. I would rather change the structure of the `intelligence.md` page to prepare the generic addition of the structure of both the sector and location pages:

```md
## Object details page            ← new top-level section in intelligence.md
Opening an object from the search results displays its page.
(Access requires read permission on objects; available with the Intelligence plan.)

### Page structure                ← tabs table: Overview / Threat Context / Graph exploration / Reports
### Header and object actions     ← Edit/Revoke (community-created only), See the JSON,
                                    Request revocation, Export (+ export dialog, revoke dialog)
### Overview tab                  ← generic: Latest campaigns (Targeting/Originating control),
                                    Latest reports (View all → Reports tab),
                                    Threat Landscape (12/24/36-month selector)
### Threat Context tab            ← link to existing #threat-context section (no duplication)
### Graph exploration tab         ← link to graph_explorations.md
### Reports tab                   ← TLP / Name / Published at / Sources table

### Location pages                ← Location definition (absorbs "Search for a country" pointer)
                                    Widgets: Most active intrusion sets,
                                    Most used malware and tools, Most impacted sectors

### Sector pages                  ← (added when the sector redesign ships)
                                    Widgets: Most active intrusion sets,
                                    Most used malware and tools, Most used MITRE ATT&CK
                                    techniques, Recently exploited vulnerabilities
```

If it's ok to you @Corentincoutable and @AurelienSekoia, I can draft the update

Reviewer 2: @pluzu-sekoia 🆗

Reviewer: Done in 00fef5512e5fca6b9cf7155020f8aff85b675bc8

> 📸 [SCREENSHOT SUGGESTION: Location page for Spain with the Overview tab selected. Show the header, Latest campaigns section, and Threat Landscape section. | ALT TEXT: Spain Location page showing latest campaigns and threat-landscape widgets.]

## Header and object actions

The header displays the Location icon or flag and the Location name. It also contains the actions available for the object.

**Edit** and **Revoke** are only available for objects that your community has created. These actions are not available for an object created by Sekoia.

Depending on the community and your permissions, the header can also include:

> - **See the Json**;

Reviewer: this was modified in the platform to display "Raw STIX object"

Reviewer: Fixed in 00fef5512e5fca6b9cf7155020f8aff85b675bc8

The confidence control displays the value and its meaning. For example, the value `1` is displayed as **Confirmed by other sources**. Source reliability is shown separately, using a letter rating such as `A` with a description such as **Completely reliable**.

Select **Save** to apply the changes.

For more information about confidence and source reliability, see the [Data model](/cti/features/data_model.md).

### Revoke an object

Select **Revoke** to open the confirmation dialog. Revocation is permanent. The dialog warns that the object will no longer trigger detections and that the action cannot be reversed.

Select **Cancel** to close the dialog without revoking the object. Select **Revoke** to confirm.

## Overview

The **Overview** tab provides the main intelligence summary for the Location.

### Latest campaigns

The **Latest campaigns** section lists recent campaigns associated with the Location. The section displays activity for the last 12 months and includes a segmented control with two views:

- **Targeting [Location]**, for campaigns targeting the Location;
- **Originating [Location]**, for campaigns originating from the Location.

> The delivered interface displays up to ten campaigns for the selected view. A campaign row can include:

Reviewer: Changed "The delivered interface" in the text by a more direct approach like: 
```suggestion
The section displays up to ten campaigns for the selected view. A campaign row can include:
```

Reviewer: Fixed in 00fef5512e5fca6b9cf7155020f8aff85b675bc8

- the campaign name;
- the campaign objective;
- the associated intrusion set;
- the associated malware;
- the number of tools;
- the number of IOCs.

Select a linked campaign, intrusion set, or malware to open its object page when a link is available. Select **View all** to open the complete campaign list.

### Latest reports

The **Latest reports** section lists reports associated with the Location. A report row can show its TLP, title, publication date, and source.

Select a report title or source to open the related content when a link is available. Select **View all** to open the complete report list in the **Reports** tab.

The list can include [FLINT Reports](/cti/features/consume/flints.md) from the Sekoia TDR team and [External Reports](/cti/features/consume/external_reports.md) from curated third-party sources.

### Threat Landscape

The **Threat Landscape** section summarizes activity associated with the Location. Use the timeframe selector to update the widgets together. The available options are:

- **Over the last 12 months**;
- **Over the last 24 months**;
- **Over the last 36 months**.

The delivered interface selects **Over the last 12 months** by default.

> #### Most active Intrusions Set

Reviewer: Typo here and on the frontend (Figma is up to date): "Most active Intrusion Set"

Reviewer: Fixed in 00fef5512e5fca6b9cf7155020f8aff85b675bc8
